Integrate API Negotiation into KCP (#115)
kcp-dev/kcp: DEVELOPMENT.md

# Build and run Cluster Controller

> First, be sure to define the Cluster CRD type, as well as the API Negotiation CRD types (APIResourceImport and NegotiatedAPIResource):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, be sure to install the CRD types needed by the controller. These are:
- `Cluster`
- `APIResourceImport`
- `NegotiatedAPIResource`
```
